Update documentation for get helper (#1750)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/helper-functions.md

### The `get` helper

The [`{{get}}`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/get?anchor=get)

> helper makes it easy to dynamically look up a property on an object. The second argument to `{{get}}` can be a string or an integer depending on the object being accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helper makes it easy to dynamically look up a property on an object an element in an array. The second argument to `{{get}}` can be a string or an integer depending on the object being accessed.
```

accessing properties on an object with string keys:
```handlebars
{{get this.someObject "object_key"}}
```

> accessing via indices:
> 
> ```handlebars
> {{get this.someObjectWithNumericKeys 0}}
> 
> {{get this.someArray 0}}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessing properties on an object with numeric keys:

```handlebars
{{get this.someObjectWithNumericKeys 0}}
` ` `

accessing elements in an array:

```handlebars
{{get this.someArray 0}}
` ` `
```
(Note: I had to put spaces between the closing  ```s to keep it from closing the suggestion block)

### The `get` helper

The [`{{get}}`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/get?anchor=get)

> helper makes it easy to dynamically look up a property on an object or an element in an array. The second argument to `{{get}}` can be a string or an integer depending on the object being accessed.

Reviewer 2: Although integer is technically correct, I think number may be easier to understand. I added a comma, to help break the sentence.

```suggestion
helper makes it easy to dynamically look up a property on an object or an element in an array. The second argument to `{{get}}` can be a string or a number, depending on the object being accessed.
```

> accessing properties on an object with string keys:
> ```handlebars
> {{get this.someObject "object_key"}}
> ```
> accessing properties on an object with numeric keys:
> 
> ```handlebars
> {{get this.someObjectWithNumericKeys 0}}
> ` ` `
> 
> accessing elements in an array:
> 
> ```handlebars
> {{get this.someArray 0}}
> ` ` `
> or outputting one of several values based on result of a getter:

Reviewer 2: I think @jamescdavis' suggestion was to add a new line around the code blocks. Can we begin each example with "To ..."?

``````suggestion
To access a property on an object with a string key:

```handlebars
{{get this.someObject "object_key"}}
```

To access the first element in an array:

```handlebars
{{get this.someArray 0}}
```

To access a property on an object with a dynamic key:
``````

Note, I removed the example of object with numeric key. I don't think [numeric key is possible](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Property_Accessors#property_names).

Author: that sounds good to me!
